prepare_network: fix nmo security margin (#199)
PyPSA/pypsa-eur: doc/release_notes.rst

* Use `mamba` (https://github.com/mamba-org/mamba) for faster Travis CI builds (`#196 <https://github.com/PyPSA/pypsa-eur/pull/196>`_)

> * N-1 security margin is fixed to provided value in config file, removed linear interpolation between 0.5 and 0.7 in the range of 37 to 200 nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The N-1 security margin for transmission lines is now fixed to a provided value in `config.yaml`, removing an undocumented linear interpolation between 0.5 and 0.7 in the range between 37 and 200 nodes.
```
